### Agenda

This agenda can be viewed and updated on [Github](https://github.com/w3c/media-wg/blob/master/meetings/2021-01-12-Media_Working_Group_Teleconference-agenda.md).

If you would like to add an item to the agenda or volunteer to scribe please open a pull request against this agenda.

* [w3c/media-wg#23 Privacy Review: Media Capabilities](https://github.com/w3c/media-wg/issues/23) - mounirlamouri
> Requested by Chris and others working on Media Capabilities to facilitate a privacy review with the PING.

* [w3c/media-wg#24 Move WebCodecs to the Media WG](https://github.com/w3c/media-wg/issues/24) - mounirlamouri
> Discussed at the previous meeting. We are currently getting confirmation that the editors are comfortable with the proposal.

* [w3c/picture-in-picture#99 Should PiP video removed from the DOM leave PiP?](https://github.com/w3c/picture-in-picture/issues/99) - beaufortfrancois
> In Chrome and Safari, a video element not attached to the DOM can start playing and enter Picture-in-Picture. When video is attached to the DOM while playing in Picture-in-Picture, browser implementations  differ though when video is removed from the DOM:

* [w3c/encrypted-media#480 Remove 'persistent-usage-record' MediaKeySessionType](https://github.com/w3c/encrypted-media/issues/480) - gregwfreedman
> For various reasons, Netflix has decided not to use the 'persistent-usage-record' MediaKeySessionType moving forward. Before removing this feature from the latest Editor's Draft, I want to know if there's any interest outside Netflix in keeping this feature.

### Media Working Group Teleconference - 2021-01-12

<table>
<tr><td> San Francisco (U.S.A. - California) <td> Tuesday, January 12, 2:00 PM PST
<tr><td> Boston (U.S.A. - Massachusetts) <td> Tuesday, January 12, 5:00 PM EST
<tr><td> London (United Kingdom - England) <td> Tuesday, January 12, 10:00 PM GMT
<tr><td> Paris (France) <td> Tuesday, January 12, 11:00 PM GMT+1
<tr><td> Tokyo (Japan) <td> Wednesday, January 13, 7:00 AM GMT+9
<tr><td> Corresponding UTC (GMT) <td> Tuesday, January 12, 10:00 PM UTC
</table>

### Logistics

Chairs: Jer Noble, Mounir Lamouri

WebEx: [https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Member/w3c-archive/2020Jan/0323.html]()

IRC: [irc.w3.org](http://irc.w3.org/):6667 #mediawg

If you are unable to login to view the call details please ask on the IRC before the call.

For assistance go to https://mit.webex.com/mit/mc  and on the left navigation bar, click "Support".
